hi my name is Jordan and I'm here to
talk to you about parachute parachute is
a digital camera with searched pod casts
made from recycled paper if I have to
describe parachute it will be in three
stages we have come to Cory's commercial
places the idea of pictures to get the
user sense of identity and creativity
while still fighting the practicality of
digital camera has become almost
essential in today's fast-paced
lifestyle the case has a wide variety of
designs and can be easily changed by
unscrewing the two plastic fasteners
unfolding and then touching the new case
in addition to the standard designs of
which there are many cave shoe offers
the uses the opportunity to put a
dashing creativity into the product by
creating their own design anything
possibly think of a belly dancing hula
girl to an Inuit fishy for lunch there
is no limit to what can be designed and
there is no doubt something to suit
every
papé shoe is a very simple user-friendly
camera and the one bottom on-off shutter
system retains that simplicity and ease
of use paper shapes this is for photo
effects it can be chained by the switch
located on the back of the product these
for photo effects include normal black
and white golden memory and blue
November with it weighing an 80 grams it
is incredibly light and this covered
with accept size thickness makes it
great people on the move love to come in
both natural modes the lifecycle of a
product is not so much finished as it is
restarted the cardboard case is made
from recycled paper fold and the circuit
board is made from recycled fiberglass a
sustainable environmentally friendly
material but is what's inside the car
casing itself but really separate and
the bunch each paper sheet comes with a
seat and will grow when placed in a
moist environment this in essence sends
the product back to where it came from
in a non-destructive manner and in turn
restarting the page shoe persons it is
not only educational but also fun for
the whole family
parachute is a product for everyone why
not give it to your kids as a first
camera with their favorite cotton
character or better yet they dint
desired themselves and Ilario creative
might grow you can give it to their
special person in your life and clear
design they truly mean something to both
of you
you